Yuxin, I'm sorry.
I'm late.
Everything is yours to protect me
Start today.
Let me protect you
Haoran
I'm not dreaming
You are really nice.
I really recovered
From now on
I won't let anyone hurt you again
Welcome to the young lady
Young Master, how should the four great families in Jiangnan be dealt with?
Yes, it is.
I understand yes
From now on, the four major families in Jiangnan will be banned
Deduct them of my trillion dollars
Bring it all back to me
Hit the young husband as the husband
Conquer the young master's wedding
No, you can't do that.
No, I haven't had time to enjoy it yet
The assets I have are not given by you.
What about the Jiangnan people?
Y'all forgot
Have the four great families been taking care of you?
Bah Qitian thief
You deserve it
I can't take this money.
This money is for the people of Jiangnan
Then give it back to them
These two decades
We Jiangnan people
It's really empty.
Most of the property of the Jiangnan family has been destroyed
All from Lorraine
He wants to take it
What should we do?
Yes, yes, yes.
The Jiangnan family is over
Mr. Lin, I am blind
Please raise your hand
Give me a break
Give us a break
Yes yes yes Mr. Lin
If you dare to let us go
From now on
We make you king
Stop talking nonsense
Arrest you all one by one
Haoran, no.
The dog's eyes are on the heart, it's mom's fault
Mom is not human
I have to know my mother